readme.md, before:

# _Pig-Latin Translator_

#### _A program that will translate english to Pig-Latin, 11/6/17_

#### By _Sam Gespass and Ross Fletcher_

## Description

_This program will take a users inputted number and convert it into a base of their choosing._

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Program Ignores Non-Number Characters** | "a" |  "" |
| **Program Recognizes Numbers**| "3" |  "3" |
| **Program Converts Number to Binary**| "3" | "11" |
| **Program Recognizes a Number's Base Provided by User**| "11011101" | "2" |
| **Program Converts Number to Other Base Provided by User**| "5,2" | "101" |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Open index.html_
* _Enter number into input field_

## Known Bugs

_none_

## Support and contact details

_Sam Gespass_: Samuel.Gespass@gmail.com  
_Ross Fletcher_: rtbfletch@outlook.com

## Technologies Used

HTML  
JAVASCRIPT/JQUERY  
CSS/BOOTSTRAP  
ATOM  
GIT

### License

*{This software is licensed under the MIT license}*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Sam Gespass and Ross Fletcher_**

Commit message:

convert number to base provided by user and catch all bases below 2 and above 36

readme.md, after:

# _Pig-Latin Translator_

#### _A program that will translate english to Pig-Latin, 11/6/17_

#### By _Sam Gespass and Ross Fletcher_

## Description

_This program will take a users inputted number and convert it into a base of their choosing._

### Specs
| Spec | Input | Output |
| :-------------     | :------------- | :------------- |
| **Program Ignores Non-Number Characters** | "a" |  "" |
| **Program Recognizes Numbers**| "3" |  "3" |
| **Program Converts Number to Binary**| "3" | "11" |
| **Program Recognizes a Number's Base Provided by User**| "11011101" | "2" |
| **Program Converts Number to Other Base Provided by User**| "5,2" | "101" |
| **Program Catches Bases Less Than 2 or Over 36**| "2, 213212" | "Enter a base between 2 and 36" |

## Setup/Installation Requirements

* _Open index.html_
* _Enter number into input field_

## Known Bugs

_none_

## Support and contact details

_Sam Gespass_: Samuel.Gespass@gmail.com  
_Ross Fletcher_: rtbfletch@outlook.com

## Technologies Used

HTML  
JAVASCRIPT/JQUERY  
CSS/BOOTSTRAP  
ATOM  
GIT

### License

*{This software is licensed under the MIT license}*

Copyright (c) 2016 **_Sam Gespass and Ross Fletcher_**
